Add note about S3 Vectors workaround to 1.5.2 release notes (#6734)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.5.2.md

For more details, see the [Iceberg Data Connector documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/data-connectors/iceberg) and the [Iceberg Catalog Connector documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/catalog-connectors/iceberg).

**Amazon S3 Vectors**: An issue was discovered in the S3 Vectors integration that results in the following error when selecting the embedding column in Spice:

`Json error: whilst decoding field 'data': expected [ got nullReceived only partial JSON payload from QueryVectors`

> Until this is resolved, workaround by limiting queries to non-embedding columns in the dataset to avoid encountering this error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until this is resolved, you can work around the issue by limiting queries to non-embedding columns in the dataset to avoid encountering this error.
```

Author: I think I prefer the shorter version - we should also avoid using first person in our docs/release notes.
